TOKEN SALE PARTICIPATION, LUMBERSCOUT USAGE AGREEMENT AND PRIVACY POLICY

WHEREAS, Tammetoru Kaubandus OÜ - Reg: 12264023 - located at Narva mnt 5, Tallinn, 10117, Estonia is a LUMBER & TALLY seller and provider of various technology services under the brand name “Lumberscout” (hereinafter - "Lumberscout", "we", "us");

WHEREAS, you (“you” or the "User”) are an individual or entity that uses LUMBER or TALLY; WHEREAS, www.Lumberscout.io (the "Website") is the official website of Lumberscout;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereby stipulate, agree and enter into the agreement (the "Agreement") as follows:

DEFINITIONS 
1.1. Account – online account created by the user at the Website. 1.2. Blockchain – type of distributed ledger, comprised of unchangeable, digitally recorded, data in packages called blocks. 1.3. LUMBER & TALLY are utility tokens created by Lumberscout and known as LUMBER & TALLY (TLY). 1.4. Utility tokens crypto assets and/or cryptocurrencies - are digital assets designed to work as a medium of exchange using cryptography to secure ownership. 1.5. Komodo (KMD) & Ethereum (ETH) – are open blockchain platforms: https://komodoplatform.com/ & https://www.ethereum.org/. 1.6. "Komodo" & "Ether" – are the names of the cryptocurrencies used by Komodo and Ethereum respectively. 1.7. LUMBER is a Komodo assetchain whereas TALLY is Ethereum (ERC20) based. 1.8 TOKEN SALE – offerings by Lumberscout to eligible Users regarding purchase of LUMBER & TALLY. 1.9. Services – any services provided by Lumberscout and/or its affiliates, including the services available to registered Users on the Website. 1.10. Smart Contract - means the Komodo or Ethereum smart contracts respectively. 1.11. Wallet – any type of wallet used for storage of cryptoassets. 1.12. Website– Internet www-site located at https://www.lumberscout.io. 1.13. Whitepaper – the document located at the Website containing the TOKEN SALE conditions and describing Lumberscout’s project and business model.

SCOPE OF THE AGREEMENT 
2.1. This Agreement sets out terms and conditions for participation in TOKEN SALE and usage of LUMBER & TALLY.

ACCEPTANCE AND CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT 
3.1. Your access to and use of the Website and/or any Services is subject exclusively to this Agreement. By registering to OR using the Website you agree to be bound by and accept this Agreement, its terms and conditions and all the policies and guidelines that are incorporated by reference (for example, the Privacy Policy, app terms and conditions). If you do not agree with the Agreement and/or individual provisions of the Agreement, you cannot use the Website and must immediately stop using the Website and/or the Services. We recommend that you store or print-off a copy of the Agreement (including all policies) for your records. 3.2. This Agreement comes into effect at the moment you visit the Website OR use the Website OR register at the Website. 3.3. Lumberscout may change, amend, delete or add to this Agreement or any of the terms and conditions contained in any policies or rules governing the Website and/or the Services at any time and in its sole discretion without notice. Any such changes will be effective upon the posting of the revised Agreement or such policies and rules on the Website and you are solely responsible for reviewing any such notice and the corresponding changes to the Agreement. Your continued use of the Website and/or the Services following any such revisions to the Agreement or such policies and rules will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to any such changes, do not continue to use the Website and/or the Services. 3.4. Lumberscout may at any time change or remove (temporarily or permanently) the Website, Services and their information from the Website without indicating the reasons of such change or removal and you confirm that Lumberscout shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal. 3.5. LUMBER & TALLY should be considered unregulated digital assets. If there are any regulations imposed regarding LUMBER & TALLY, the terms and conditions of this Agreement and/or other conditions regarding usage of LUMBER & TALLY may be changed significantly by Lumberscout to meet such regulatory requirements. 3.6. Use of the Website and/or the Services is limited to parties that are 18 years old or older and capable of entering lawfully into contracts under applicable law.

YOUR USAGE 
4.1. Lumberscout is entitled to refuse your access to the Website without indicating the reasons. 4.2. Any loss that occurs as a result of negligent security practices, whether it be on the part of you, or Lumberscout, will not be the responsibility of Lumberscout, its directors, associates or employees. 4.3. The User shall bear any losses that occur regarding to the submission of invalid/incorrect data. You unconditionally warrant that any information, data and/or content you provide: (i) will be correct, accurate and not misleading or otherwise deceptive; (ii) will not infringe the intellectual property rights of Lumberscout or any third party such as copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy; (iii) will not violate any law, statute, or regulation; (iv) will not be defamatory or libellous, and, (v) will not create liability for Lumberscout. 4.4. You shall not use the Website and/or the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement and legal requirements. Your registration at the Website implies your confirmation and a guarantee that by using the Services you will act honestly and in such way that it would meet the interests of both you and Lumberscout. Lumberscout has a right to restrict your usage of the Website and/or the Services without prior notice if you use the Website and/or the Services in unlawful or other unaccepted way.

PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS 
5.1. Before taking any action with respect to participation in the TOKEN SALE, you shall peruse and understand: (1) this Agreement (2) all the whitepapers of Lumberscout published at the Website; (3) terms and conditions published at www.Lumberscout.io; (4) terms and conditions indicated in this Agreement; (5) the Website; and (6) other relevant documents and information published by Lumberscout. The documents identified above are incorporated as integral parts to this Agreement. You shall refrain from purchasing any LUMBER or TALLY until you understand and accept the documents identified above. By participating in the TOKEN SALE you expressly acknowledge and represent that you have carefully reviewed the aforementioned terms and conditions, and fully understand the risks, costs, and benefits associated with LUMBER or TALLY and you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. 5.2. You shall meet certain participation requirements set forth in the Website to participate in the TOKEN SALE. You shall participate in the TOKEN SALE only within such period and in such manner as set forth in the Website. 5.3. In addition to participation requirements set forth in the Website you shall represent, warrant, acknowledge and agree that: (a) you are of sufficient age (minimum 18 years of age) to participate in the TOKEN SALE and have full capacity of civil conduct under the laws of the jurisdiction where you are domiciled; (b) you are legally permitted to participate in the TOKEN SALE and are legally permitted to receive and hold cryptoassets; (c) your participation in the TOKEN SALE is voluntary and based on your own independent judgment without being coerced, solicited or misled by anyone else; (d) you have sufficient knowledge of cryptocurrencies, cryptographic tokens, cryptographic protocol and blockchain technology; (e) you do not contemplate to use LUMBER or TALLY for any speculative, illegal or non-ethical purpose, including, but not limited to, speculative investment; (f) you do not intend to break or misuse LUMBER or TALLY and/or Lumberscout for money laundering or any illegal activities; (g) you take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with participating in the TOKEN SALE, receiving and holding LUMBER or TALLY, whether referred to in this Agreement, arising under any applicable law or otherwise; (h) you waive the right to participate in any class action lawsuit or any class wide arbitration against Lumberscout and any person or legal entity associated with it; (i) you are participating in the TOKEN SALE to facilitate the development, testing, deployment and operation of Lumberscout’s products and services; (j) the proposed outcomes discussed in the Whitepaper may not be achieved; (k) LUMBER or TALLY may not provide the rewards envisaged; (l) participating in the TOKEN SALE, receiving and holding LUMBER or TALLY do not grant any ownerships rights in regard to Lumberscout, decision making power, including (without limitation) in relation to development, governance or the role, conduct or performance of Lumberscout; (m) you will not hack into, interfere with, disrupt, disable, overburden or otherwise impair the proper working of the Website, you will not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Website; (n) you will not access information or data which you are not authorised to access; (o) you will promptly provide to Lumberscout, upon request, any additional information which Lumberscout may consider necessary in providing services on the Website; (p) you will ensure that any information or content posted, or permitted or caused to be posted, on the Website, shall be non-confidential or non-proprietary unless expressly indicated otherwise, and not offensive, illegal under any applicable law, and that you will be responsible for all such information or content; (q) you are not a U.S. citizen, corporation, partnership or other legal entity formed under the laws of the United States of America (including all territories of this country), People's Republic of China, North & South Korea, as well as not an agency, branch or office located in the United States of America (including all territories of this country), People's Republic of China and North & South Korea; (r) your purchase of LUMBER or TALLY is made for your own account as principal and is not made in anticipation of a further distribution of LUMBER or TALLY to others; (s) you are purchasing LUMBER or TALLY to actually use Lumberscout’s services and LUMBER or TALLY as a cryptoasset , not to speculate on its value; (t) by participating in the TOKEN SALE or receiving and holding LUMBER or TALLY you acknowledge and agree that you fully understand that LUMBER or TALLY may experience volatility in pricing and liquidity, and that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that Lumberscout and any of its affiliates may not be held liable for any loss arising out of, or in any way connected your participation in the TOKEN SALE or receiving and holding LUMBER or TALLY; (u) all the representations, warranties and acknowledgments as laid out in this clause are true and accurate. 5.4. You shall only participate in the TOKEN SALE through Lumberscout. 5.5. Lumberscout shall reserve the right to refuse selling LUMBER or TALLY to anyone who does not meet criteria necessary for their buying, as set out in this Agreement, the Website and by the applicable law. 5.6. You understand and accept that the purchase and sale of cryptoassets and tokens of any kind (including LUMBER or TALLY) involves risk. Due to the constant price fluctuations, you may increase or lose value in your assets at any time.

TOKEN SALE CONDITIONS 
6.1. Tammetoru Kaubandus OÜ as a company is responsible for how the initial coin offering will be conducted. The offering is for tokens known as a LUMBER & TALLY. Funds raised will be applied towards the development of Lumberscout as a project. 6.2. During the TOKEN SALE Tammetoru Kaubandus OÜ as a company will issue tokens on the Komodo & Ethereum blockchains via smart contract and following the KMD & ERC20 protocols. 6.3. LUMBER & TALLY will be issued in exchange for KMD or ETH based assets via smart contract. 6.4. The total amount of LUMBER is fixed at 21,000,000 LUMBER. 6.5. The total amount of TALLY is fixed at 1 300 000 000 TALLY. 6.6. The TOKEN SALE conditions are indicated in more detail in the Whitepaper and the Website which are an integral part of this Agreement and you agree to be bound by them. To the extent the TOKEN SALE conditions indicated in the Whitepaper 6.7. By participating in the TOKEN SALE you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of Lumberscout. 

RIGHTS AND ATTRIBUTES 
7.1. LUMBER & TALLY are not money or investment securities and the TOKEN SALE will not involve issuance of any fiat currency, securities (whether equity securities or otherwise), financial derivative instrument or other kind of investment certificate. LUMBER & TALLY are not redeemable, associated with financial return or backed by any underlying asset or repurchase commitment and does not necessarily have market prices or transactions between peers. LUMBER & TALLY do not stand for any sort of investment contract for all intents and purposes. You shall not participate in the TOKEN SALE with a view to investment or speculation or in pursuit of any profit. Under this Agreement Lumberscout does not provide, offer or exchange securities, investment contracts or any other form of financial instrument that may be considered by law to be securities. 7.2. LUMBER & TALLY are cryptographic tokens created for access of Lumberscout’s products and services and benefits associated with it, i.e. discounts for Lumberscout’s products and services, advance payment for Lumberscout’s products and services, etc. However, there are no guarantees of their future use or value which can be zero. 7.3. You cannot expect profit from LUMBER or TALLY and shall have no expectations of profit from the future success of Lumberscout’s business and/or the efforts of Lumberscout or other persons. LUMBER & TALLY value depends on your active involvement in using and promoting it. 7.4. The TOKEN SALE is not crowdfunding or initial public offer and you cannot participate in the TOKEN SALE with a view to crowdfunding or initial public offer. 7.5. LUMBER & TALLY are not shares of Lumberscout. LUMBER & TALLY do not represent ownership interests or grant ownership, control and voting rights in Lumberscout, as well as does not grant any rights to receive a share of Lumberscout’s profit. 7.6. LUMBER & TALLY does not entitle you to any intellectual property rights in regard to Lumberscout and its products and services. 7.7. Lumberscout may unilaterally in its own discretion and to the fullest extent possible make decisions on spending, investing and otherwise using the funds received during the TOKEN SALE. 7.8. Lumberscout is not required to consult with you regarding any activities and/or decisions of Lumberscout or coordinate it with you. You will not have any influence in the development or governance of Lumberscout. 7.9. LUMBER & TALLY holders cannot request an audit of Lumberscout and its business, and an investigation of Lumberscout’s activities. 7.10. LUMBER & TALLY can be used for payments and other transactions associated with cryptocurrencies. 7.11. Lumberscout is not obliged to redeem LUMBER or TALLY in any case.

BUSINESS AND PRODUCTS 
8.1. Lumberscout is building a global peer to peer application for the trade, financing and verification of Forest Products. 8.2. During the TOKEN SALE and for the time period indicated in the Whitepaper the Website and app will provide search, bidding and contracting functionalities. The Website will contain updates and instructions regarding the purchase of LUMBER & TALLY. 8.3. Lumberscout is not obliged to implement goals, promises or ideas indicated in this Agreement, the Whitepaper, the Website or elsewhere. Neither Lumberscout, nor its management, employees, advisors, partners, affiliates or any other persons associated with Lumberscout shall be held liable for not achieving goals, promises or ideas indicated in this Agreement, the Whitepaper, the Website or elsewhere.

REFUNDS 
9.1. There will be no refunds in regard to the TOKEN SALE, LUMBER & TALLY purchases and usage for any reason, including, but not limited to, loss of your LUMBER or TALLY due to technical reasons, errors, malfunction of the wallet, transaction failures, etc. All LUMBER & TALLY are sold as-is without any guarantee. 9.2. By participating in the TOKEN SALE, you are confirming that you have read and understand our no refunds policy, and you acknowledge that all purchases are final and non-refundable, and Lumberscout is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of a refund, and you consent to no right of withdrawal from the TOKEN SALE.

TAXES 
10.1. You agree that you are solely responsible for determining the amount of any taxes that you may owe as a result of this Agreement, the TOKEN SALE, LUMBER & TALLY usage and are solely responsible to collect, report and remit any such taxes required under law applicable to you. You shall declare, bear and pay all such taxes, duties, imposts, levies, tariffs and surcharges that might be imposed by the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction as a result of or in connection with the receipt, holding, use, purchase, appreciation or trading of LUMBER or TALLY (no matter whether acquired by participating in the TOKEN SALE (or otherwise acquired). You acknowledge and agree that Lumberscout has no responsibility to collect, report or remit any applicable taxes in connection with this Agreement, the TOKEN SALE, LUMBER & TALLY and usage of LUMBER & TALLY. You hereby agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold Lumberscout (and its affiliated entities) harmless from any and all claims, demands, damages, awards, fines, costs, expenses and liability in any way associated with the foregoing obligations or otherwise with respect to any claim, demand or allegation of any tax in any way associated with this Agreement, the TOKEN SALE, LUMBER & TALLY and usage of LUMBER & TALLY. 10.2. You shall be solely liable for all tax related penalties, claims, fines, punishments, liabilities or otherwise arising from your underpayment, undue payment or belated payment of any applicable tax. Lumberscout provides no advice and makes no representation as to the tax implication of any jurisdiction.

RISKS 
11.1. You should peruse, comprehend and carefully consider or seek legal advice as to the risks described below in addition to the other information stated in this Agreement, the Whitepaper, the Website or elsewhere before deciding to participate in the TOKEN SALE. Participating in the TOKEN SALE will be deemed as you having accepted all the risks outlined in this Agreement. 11.2. LUMBER & TALLY prices may experience extreme volatility. Cryptographic tokens or cryptocurrencies have demonstrated extreme fluctuations in price over short periods of time on a regular basis. You must be prepared to accept similar fluctuations in LUMBER & TALLY value. Such fluctuations are due to market forces and represent changes in the balance of supply and demand. Lumberscout cannot and does not guarantee any market liquidity for LUMBER or TALLY. Additionally, due to different regulatory requirements in different jurisdictions, the liquidity of LUMBER or TALLY may be markedly different in different jurisdictions. 11.3. While some of cryptographic tokens or cryptocurrencies may have been relatively stable, it is possible that their values may drop significantly in the future, which may deprive Lumberscout of sufficient resources to continue to operate. 11.4. Cryptocurrencies are being, or may be, scrutinized by the regulatory authorities of various jurisdictions. Lumberscout may receive queries, notices, warnings, requests or rulings from one or more regulatory authorities from time to time, or may even be ordered to suspend or discontinue any action in connection with Lumberscout, as well as be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or regulatory actions, which could impede or limit the ability of Lumberscout to further conduct business. The development, marketing, promotion or otherwise of Lumberscout may be seriously affected, hindered or terminated as a result. 11.5. Advances in cryptography, such as code cracking or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could present risks to all cryptoassets, including LUMBER & TALLY. This could result in the theft, loss, disappearance, destruction or devaluation of LUMBER & TALLY. It is impossible to predict the future of cryptography or the future of security innovations to an extent that would permit Lumberscout accurately guide the development of LUMBER & TALLY to take into account such unforeseeable changes in the domains of cryptography or security. 11.6. Lumberscout cannot guarantee the software used by Lumberscout to be flaw-free. It may contain certain flaws, errors, defects and bugs, which may disable some functionality for users, expose users’ information or otherwise. Such flaw would compromise the usability and/or security of LUMBER & TALLY and consequently bring adverse impact on the value of LUMBER & TALLY. 11.7. Komodo & Ethereum are open source projects and supported by their respective communities. Lumberscout does not lead the development, marketing, operation or otherwise of Komodo or Ethereum. Anyone may develop a patch or upgrade of the source code of Komodo or Ethereum's source without prior authorization. The acceptance of Komodo or Ethereum patches or upgrades by a significant, but not overwhelming, percentage of the users could result in a “fork” in the blockchain of Komodo or Ethereum, and consequently the operation of two separate networks and will remain separate until the forked blockchains are merged. The temporary or permanent existence of forked blockchains could adversely impact the operation and the market value of LUMBER & TALLY and in the worst-case scenario, could ruin the sustainability of LUMBER & TALLY. While such a fork in the blockchain of Komodo or Ethereum would possibly be resolved by community- led efforts to merge the forked blockchains, the success is not guaranteed and could take long period of time to achieve. 11.8. The Komodo & Ethereum source codes and the software used by Lumberscout could be updated, amended, altered or modified from time to time by the developers and/or the communities of Komodo & Ethereum. Nobody is able to foresee or guarantee the precise result of such update, amendment, alteration or modification. As a result, any update, amendment, alteration or modification could lead to an unexpected or unintended outcome that adversely affects LUMBER & TALLY’s operation or market value. 11.9. The blockchain rests on open-source software. Regardless of Lumberscout’s effort to keep the blockchain secure, anyone may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of Lumberscout. This could consequently result in the loss of LUMBER & TALLY held by you. 11.10. The loss or destruction of a private key required to access LUMBER & TALLY may be irreversible. You are required to safeguard the private keys relating to your own LUMBER & TALLY wallets. To the extent such private key is lost, destroyed or otherwise compromised, neither Lumberscout, nor anyone else will be able to access the related LUMBER & TALLY. 11.11. LUMBER & TALLY are not a currency issued by any individual, entity, central bank or national, supra- national or quasi-national organization. The circulation and trading of LUMBER & TALLY on the market depends on the consensus on its value between the relevant market participants. Nobody is obliged to redeem or purchase LUMBER & TALLY from any user or LUMBER or TALLY holder. Nor does anyone guarantee the liquidity or market price of TALLY to any extent. Lumberscout has no control over market price or liquidity of LUMBER or TALLY once LUMBER & TALLY start to trade in the open market. 11.12. It is possible that Lumberscout’s product and services or LUMBER & TALLY will not be used by a large number of individuals, businesses and other organisations and that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of its functionalities. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of Lumberscout’s business. 11.13. Lumberscout, as developed, may not meet your expectations. You acknowledge that Lumberscout is currently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. You also acknowledge that any expectations regarding the form and functionality of Lumberscout held by you may not be met upon its release for any number of reasons, including a change in the design and implementation plans and execution of the implementation of Lumberscout. Furthermore, you acknowledge that Lumberscout project may never be fully completed or released. 11.14. You understand and accept that hackers or other groups or organisations may attempt to steal LUMBER & TALLY or otherwise interrupt or cease Lumberscout’s business or usage of LUMBER & TALLY. 11.15. Except for historical information, there may be matters in this Agreement, the Website, the Whitepaper or elsewhere that are forward-looking statements. Such statements are only predictions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainty. Forward- looking statements, which are based on assumptions and estimates and describe Lumberscout’s future plans, strategies, and expectations are generally identifiable by the use of the words ‘anticipate’, ‘will’, ‘believe’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘expect’, ‘intend’, ‘seek’, or similar expressions. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. By its nature, forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, inherent risks and uncertainties both general and specific that contribute to the possibility those predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not occur. Those risks and uncertainties include actors and risks specific to the industry in which Lumberscout operates as well as general economic conditions and prevailing exchange rates an interest rates. Actual performance or events may be materially different from those expressed or implied in those statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to Lumberscout or persons acting on behalf of Lumberscout are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this section. Except as expressly required by the applicable law, Lumberscout undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements provided in this publication whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, or the risks affecting this information. None of Lumberscout, its officers or any person named in this Agreement, the Website, the Whitepaper or elsewhere with their consent, or any person involved in the preparation of this Agreement, the Website or the Whitepaper, makes any representation or warranty (express or implied) as to the accuracy or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement except to the extent required by law. 11.16. The Internet industry is comprised of a number of participants and is subject to rapid change and competition Lumberscout faces from other organisations, some of which may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources. Increased competition could result in under-utilisation of employees, reduced operating margins and loss of market share, especially Lumberscout’s first mover status. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect the Lumberscout’s business, operating results and financial condition. The possibility remains that the fundamental business model may not achieve any traction due to an existing or new entrant offering a similar solution or that the general public do not see it as part of their future. The targets and business valuation inherent in the Website, the Whitepaper or elsewhere are based on Lumberscout’s management personal experience, contacts and feedback from the market. There can be no assurance that these reflect the actual reality of the opportunity or that will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors. You are encouraged to seek professional advice when assessing the understanding of Lumberscout’s business model metrics and projected returns and values as presented by directors in this Agreement, the Website, the Whitepaper or elsewhere. 11.17. You acknowledge and agree that in no event shall Lumberscout be liable or responsible for any loss in any way arising out of your participation in the TOKEN SALE, receiving and holding LUMBER or TALLY, or use of the Website and Lumberscout is hereby released by you from liability for any and all such loss.

PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES 
12.1. You are prohibited from violating any law, statute, ordinance or regulation in our registered jurisdiction as well as your country or residency. 12.2. You may not use your LUMBER or TALLY to engage in the following categories of prohibited activity and you confirm that you will not use LUMBER or TALLY to do any of the following: 12.2.1. Engage in a transaction involving the proceeds of any unlawful activity; 12.2.2. Defraud or attempt to defraud Lumberscout; 12.2.3. Provide false, inaccurate or misleading information; 12.2.4. Infringe upon Lumberscout’s or any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, or intellectual property rights; 12.2.5. Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Lumberscout’s infrastructure, or detrimentally interfere with, intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or information; 12.2.6. Transmit or upload any material to the Website that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, malware or any other harmful or deleterious programs; 12.2.7. Otherwise attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website, computer systems or networks connected to the Website, through password mining or any other means; 12.3. Lumberscout reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Lumberscout reserves the right to cancel and/or suspend your Account and usage of LUMBER or TALLY immediately and without notice if we determine, in our sole discretion, that your Account and usage of LUMBER or TALLY is associated with prohibited use, and/or a prohibited business, and or illegal activity under applicable law.

FORCE MAJEURE 
13.1. Lumberscout shall not be liable in any way for delays, failure in performance or interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to, any delay or failure due to any act of God, act of civil or military authorities, act of terrorism, civil disturbance, war, strike or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications of Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond our reasonable control and shall not affect the validity of enforceability of any remaining provisions.

DISCLAIMERS AND WAIVERS 
14.1. You shall accept the Website and the TOKEN SALE "as is" with any faults or failings and without any representation, warranty or guarantee whatsoever, express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranty of accuracy, completeness, quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. 14.2. The Website and the Whitepaper does not purport to contain all the information that you may require. In all cases, you should conduct your own investigation and analysis of Lumberscout and its business, and the data contained in the Website and the Whitepaper. 14.3. Lumberscout does not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the Website and the Whitepaper. Furthermore, Lumberscout shall not have any liability to the recipient or any person resulting from the reliance upon the Website and the Whitepaper in determining to participate in the TOKEN SALE and use LUMBER or TALLY. 14.4. You must rely on your own investigation of all financial information indicated in the Website and the Whitepaper and no representations or warranties are or will be made by Lumberscout as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. 14.5. Lumberscout makes no representation about the underlying value of TALLY. 14.6. The Website and the Whitepaper are prepared for your general information only. It is not intended to be a recommendation to participate in the TOKEN SALE and/or use LUMBER or TALLY.

SECURITY 
15.1. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Account ID and password, and accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account or password. You must notify Lumberscout immediately in the event that the security of your login or password has been breached or compromised. 15.2. You are also responsible for maintaining adequate security and control of any and all identification numbers, private keys, or any other codes that you use to access the Website and/or use TALLY. 15.3. You agree to not hold Lumberscout liable for any loss arising out of, or in any way connected to, your failure to properly secure and keep private your Account information, email address, any password, private keys and any other identification numbers/codes used in connection with participation in the TOKEN SALE and usage of TALLY. 15.4. Lumberscout shall not bear any liability, whatsoever, for any damage or interruptions caused by any computer viruses, spyware, scareware, Trojan horses, worms or other malware that may affect your computer or other equipment, or any phishing, spoofing or other attack. 15.5. Lumberscout does not guarantee the confidentiality or privacy of any communication or information transmitted on the Website or any site linked to the Website. Lumberscout will not be liable for the privacy or security of information, e-mail addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or proprietary information, or any other content transmitted over networks accessed by the site, or otherwise connected with your use of the Website.

PRIVACY POLICY 
16.1. Lumberscout might ask you to provide your personal data. 16.2. Personal data refers to any information, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that information; or from that information and other information to which we have or are likely to have access, including information in our records as may be updated from time to time, and any other information relating to any individuals which you may have provided us from time to time in your interaction with us. 16.3. Your personal data that you provide will be used to identify you as a LUMBER or TALLY holder and to execute this Agreement. Lumberscout commits to protect your personal data and disclose it only when it is necessary to execute this Agreement or it is required by the Agreement or applicable law. You expressly authorize Lumberscout to store, process, use and transmit to third parties the information required to execute this Agreement. 16.4. You confirm that you have entered correct data about yourself in every required form and that afterwards, when changing or adding any data at the Website, you will enter only correct data. You shall bear any losses that occur regarding to the submission of invalid/incorrect data. 16.5. Lumberscout may use your personal data for direct marketing purposes if you give your consent in the registration form. You can withdraw the above consent at any time. 16.6. Lumberscout may at any time in its own discretion adopt a separate Privacy Policy and when that happens you must agree with that Privacy Policy.

WEBSITE USAGE 
17.1. You agree not to copy any information from the Website without our permission, with the exception of information for your personal non-commercial use. 17.2. The pages of the Website may contain links to third party websites and services. Such links are provided for your convenience, but their presence does not mean that they are recommended to visit by Lumberscout. In addition Lumberscout does not guarantee their safety and conformity with any user expectations. Furthermore, Lumberscout is not responsible for maintaining any materials referenced from another site, and makes no warranties for that site or this service in such context. Links to such third party material do not imply any endorsement by Lumberscout of such third party material or the content, products or services available from such third party material. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such third party material. 17.3. The contents of the Website are provided on an "as is" and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind and are made available for your general information only. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, is given in conjunction with the contents of the Website, the tools contained in the Website or the Website in general. 17.4. Lumberscout does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy, correctness, completeness, reliability, timeliness, non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any purpose of the information on the Website or any website linked to the Website, or that the information available on the Website, or associated therewith, will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected or that this Website will be free from viruses, virus attacks or other harmful elements, and expressly disclaims liability for the same and any errors or omissions. Lumberscout shall not be liable for uninterpreted availability of the Website at all times, in all countries and/or all geographic locations, or at any given time. 17.5. The information contained on the Website may not always be entirely accurate, complete or current and may also include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. In an effort to continue to provide you with as complete and accurate information as possible, information may be changed or updated from time to time without notice, including without limitation information regarding our policies, products and services. Accordingly, you should verify all information before relying on it, and all decisions based on information contained on the Website are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such decisions. 17.6. Lumberscout reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion and without giving prior notice, to vary, modify, add or remove features, or amend any content on the Website. You shall be deemed to have accepted and agreed to any such change if you access or use the Website after the change is published on the Website. Lumberscout also reserves the right to block or restrict access to, or terminate, withdraw or suspend use of the Website or any part of the Website. Lumberscout will not be liable for any loss which may be incurred as a result of such action. 17.7. Lumberscout reserves the right to disable any links which in its opinion, contain information, images, representations or other material of an inappropriate, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful nature, or that violate any law or any public, privacy, intellectual property or other proprietary right; or have not been authorized by us.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
18.1. The URLs representing the Website, “Lumberscout” and all related logos of our services described in our Website are either copyrighted by Lumberscout and are trademarks of Lumberscout. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, design, button Token Salens, scripts, source code, content are copyrighted by Lumberscout. You may not copy, imitate, modify, alter, amend or use them without our prior written consent. All the content indicated in the Website, the Whitepaper and any content thereon is the exclusive property of Lumberscout. You may not download, reproduce, or retransmit any information, other than for non-commercial individual use. 18.2. All intellectual property rights comprised in the information, text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, patents, trademarks, trademark registrations, trade names, data compilations, scripts, software, computer code, design, technology, sound or any other materials or works found in the Website shall vest in and remain with Lumberscout. You are permitted to download and print such materials from the Website for personal and non- commercial use provided that you do not breach this Agreement. 18.3. You are not permitted to copy, transfer, distribute, reverse compile, adapt, modify, reproduce, republish, display, broadcast, hyperlink or transmit in any manner or by any means or store in any information retrieval system, any part of the Website without the prior written permission of Lumberscout.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
19.1. You attest that you are not a criminal, are not associated with any criminal activity, and that all funds that are used by you in connection with the TOKEN SALE and TALLY purchase are free from any criminal association, are not the proceeds of crime, and are not derived from any criminal activity. 19.2. By participating in the TOKEN SALE and buying TALLY hereunder you represent and warrant that your funds in no way came from illegal or unethical sources, that you are not using any proceeds of criminal or illegal activity, and that no transaction involving TALLY are being used to facilitate any criminal or illegal activity. 19.3. You hereby certify to us that any funds used by you in connection with participation in the TOKEN SALE are either owned by you or that you are validly authorized to carry out transactions using such funds. 19.4. You represent and warrant that you have such knowledge and experience in financial and business affairs as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks purchasing cryptocurrencies and specifically TALLY and are able to bear the economic risk of total loss of such purchase.

TERMINATION (LIMITATION) OF THE AGREEMENT 
20.1. The term of this Agreement is for a period of time when you successfully register for the Account until this Agreement is terminated for whatever reason. Account cancellation shall mean the Agreement termination. 20.2. At any time and for any reason in its sole discretion Lumberscout may terminate this Agreement, your access to the TOKEN SALE and/or the Website, your Account and may halt any pending transactions and/or funds and/or TALLY at any time without notice to you. Lumberscout shall have no liability or obligation for the termination of this Agreement. 20.3. In case of termination of this Agreement for any reason you will not be refunded with any amount of TALLY.

JURISDICTION, APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
21.1. Jurisdiction of the United States of America (including all territories of this country), People's Republic of China and North Korea is specifically excluded from the TOKEN SALE and this Agreement. 21.2. Lumberscout reserves the right to change the jurisdiction of Lumberscout and this Agreement at any time at its own discretion, as well as use any parent companies, subsidiaries and/or other affiliated companies for execution of this Agreement, Lumberscout’s products and services and other activities related to the TOKEN SALE and Lumberscout’s business. 21.3. The interpretation, validity and enforcement of this Agreement, and all legal actions brought under or in connection with this Agreement, shall be governed by the law of the Estonia. 21.4. Any disagreements or disputes of the User and Lumberscout, arising from this Agreement, shall be settled by negotiations between the User and Lumberscout. In case of failure to reach an agreement in 14 (fourteen) days, a party of this Agreement must make a claim within 30 days any disputes, disagreements or claims, arising from this Agreement or related to it, its breach, dissolution or validity, that have not been solved by the User and Lumberscout, shall be settled in the competent court of Estonia. Both the User and Lumberscout hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Estonia. Failure to raise a claim within 30 days from the failure of the negotiations, a party loses its right to file the claim in the state court or any other instance, court or arbitration. 21.5. Any User that breaks any law in their jurisdiction of residence or nationality by using TALLY or any service provided by Lumberscout shall be liable for any damages incurred by Lumberscout as a result and agrees to forfeit any assets within their Lumberscout account, at the discretion of Lumberscout or its employees.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
22.1. You confirm that you have read this Agreement, understood its terms, conditions and consequences. 22.2. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the Parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the Parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 22.3. All the notices, consents and other communication of the parties related to this Agreement shall be delivered via e-mail or registered post/courrier if Lumberscout requests such type of delivery. 22.4. Lumberscout has a right to revoke this Agreement if you do not comply with the Agreement, act in a fraudulent or illegal way, engage in unauthorized transmission and use of personal data. 22.5. This Agreement is personal to you and it can not be transferred, assigned or delegated to anyone. Any attempt by you to assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement and the rights and/or obligations stipulated in this Agreement shall be null and void. Lumberscout may freely assign this Agreement and/or delegate its duties without consent or notice. 22.6. This Agreement together with the Whitepaper and any terms and conditions published from time to time on the Website constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. No provision of the Agreement shall be considered waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the Party that benefits from the enforcement of such provision. No waiver of any provision in the Agreement, however, will be deemed a waiver of a subsequent breach of such provision or a waiver of a similar provision. In addition, a waiver of any breach or a failure to enforce any term or condition of the Agreement will not in any way affect, limit, or waive a Party's rights hereunder at any time to enforce strict compliance thereafter with every term and condition hereof. 22.7. You agree to refrain from making, any negative, detracting or unfavourable statements concerning Lumberscout, TALLY, any subsidiaries or affiliates, their respective business or business endeavours, products or product history, or their respective former or present officers, directors, agents, distributors or consultants, which may have the effect of diminishing the reputations of Lumberscout, TALLY, any subsidiaries or affiliates, or respective former or present officers, directors, agents, distributors or consultants of Lumberscout or any subsidiaries or affiliates of its business or business endeavours. 22.8. This Agreement is not intended to create, and it shall in no way be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, or any other similar relationship between you and Lumberscout. 22.9. To the extent that Agreement, the Whitepaper, any terms and conditions published from time to time on the Website conflict with translated copies, the English version prevails.

CONTACT
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our User Agreement, Privacy Policy and/or practices as they relate to the project, please contact us at info@lumberscout.com



